### Creating Turbo URLs

If you are an administrator looking to create a URL for end users to run applications without having to log into the dashboard, it is possible by embedding a link with an organization api key.

To obtain an api key, log into your organization's administrator or owner account. Then, navigate to your organizations Devices & API Keys page. This can be found through the `Profile and Account` link on your organization's dashboard, or directly through the URL `https://turbo.net/orgs/{org-name}/settings/devices-and-api-keys`. Click `Add API Key` to create an API key in which you will embed in the Turbo URL as a query parameter. Give it a name you can remember (and possibly revoke later). Copy this value to your text editor.

Next, we will obtain a URL to launch and application under the organizations namespace. This step will be changing soon as we implement a better user interface, as it is currently requires manual editing of query parameters. First navigate to your organization's dashboard (click on your profile dropdown). The organization's dashbaord should be at the url `https://turbo.net/orgs/{org-name}`. Next, right click on the application you would like to run using an anonymous url. Select `Run in Cloud (Windowed)`. A new tab will open, copy the the url to a text editor. It should look something like `https://turbo.net/run/config?app={app-uuid}&org={orgName}&title={app-title}&loc=native-rdp`. 

Change the `loc` query parameter to `loc=remote` to run the application using the html5 client so the user will not require the Turbo Client. Finally, add the `api-key={org-api-key}` to the URL. The final URL should look something like: `https://turbo.net/run/config?app={app-uuid}&org={orgName}&title={app-title}&loc=remote&api-key={org-api-key}`. To test your link, open an incognito window with without logging in to Turbo.net and paste the URL into the browser address bar. The applciation should run without requiring a login.